play my favorite game the worst weather
in the world
don't tell me let me guess who could be
could be me Charlotte's mother is many
things Charlotte were Jewish normal
isn't one of them
okay how do I look like a woman about to
go forth and sin
oh good exactly the look I was hoping
for that's how Rachel liked it and
that's why Charlotte didn't sometimes I
feel like you're the child and I did the
chroma what is this
cheeseball pick-me-ups and for dessert
where's Milo kebabs
don't do anything I wouldn't do I'm
trying not to drive too fast well after
my mom I think seems fast they have
almost nothing in common or don't do
anything I would are you coming home
with me
another night but there's one thing they
do share men bar to show that go easy I
know that you're planning a celibate
life but with half my chromosomes I
think that might be tough
does your mother ever talk to you about
sex oh yeah I can get pregnant I hang my
clothes next romance suit we talk about
everything she's a wonderful mother
why did you think you were pregnant
you're still a virgin
trust me I know about these things she's
doing this because she has a problem
she's probably too frightened to talk to
you but she'd be frightened like mother
like daughter
maybe your wife works for you but it
doesn't work for me and I want to stand
and do what finish high school
great start what's your major town
no longer town Ernie has one care I
don't always know what I'm doing I said
like you and your sister came with a
book of instructions Bob Hoskins yeah I
love a woman Rachel I know Winona Ryder
Mary O'Brien she dances around naked
screaming about her boyfriends quivering
loins shut up Charlotte shut up Oh
[Music]
for the party